1️⃣ First round: Duration 1 hour
Focused mainly on Java coding
1. Does Map supports null keys?
2. Can we use declare constructor static in java?
3. Can we override and overload static methods in java?
4. Can we create public static final variables in java?
5. How to call constructors of other classes and same class in this class?
6. Why do we use constructors in selenium?
7. How can we run test method and test class multiple times like 100 times?
8. Does priority in TestNG will have negative values and 0 value?
9. Parameterized testing in TestNG?
10. @BeforeTest and @BeforeClass difference?
11. How to write Data Provider in TestNG?
12. Groups in TestNG?
13. Different waits in Selenium and their usage?
14. OOPS concept in java and usage in Selenium?
15. Can Constructor be private?
16. You have 2 interfaces and you declared 4 methods in 1st interface and 2 methods in 2nd interface and now you are implementing those 2 interfaces in your class, you would want to implement only few declared methods from those 2 interfaces so how you deal with this?
17. Coding ➡️ HashMap sorting using keys where it contains one null key
18. Coding ➡️ We have 3 stairs need to find number of possibilities to reach the 3rd stair from ground using java.
19. Git commands
 🔸 Git push origin feature-branch (Is this correct command and why?)
 🔸 Git stashing
 🔸 Git cherry pick
 🔸 Git branching
20. Parallel Execution in Selenium?
21. How to execute selenium tests in Jenkins?

2️⃣ Second Round: Duration 50 min and complete focus on selenium questions
1. Selenium Framework explanation
2. How to handle dynamic dropdowns in selenium?
3. Can we automate CAPTCHA?
4. OOPS concepts in java and their usage in selenium?
5. Difference between driver.get() and driver.navigateTo() methods?
6. Parameterization in TestNG?
7. How to connect Maven and TestNG?
8. What are streams in java and their usage?
9. How to work with configuration files in selenium framework?
10. Difference between Page Object Model (POM) and Page Factory? How Page factory implementing lazy initialization and how we can do same in POM?
11. What is the hierarchy of TestNG annotations?
12. How to run failed tests again in TestNG?

3️⃣ Third Round: Duration 45 min (Selenium technical questions)
1. Open "Crick buzz" website and get the 6's count of player by giving player name in Xpath? 🔸Dynamic Xpath
2. Actions class questions like how to perform keyboard actions using Actions class?
3. How to perform control click operation using actions class?
4. How to perform file upload operation in selenium and write code for it?
5. Write code for taking screenshot?
6. What are listeners and write code for it?
7. Manual API testing questions like status codes and http methods and difference between put and patch?